With that, we're finished with the code.
But I'm not 100% happy about the folder structure.
For one, I only have a routes folder,
I don't have a controllers folder, for example.
Now, obviously, you can split it up.
You can add a controllers folder,
and put those controller functions here into that folder,
just as we did it in other parts of the course.
I just kept it all in one file here
because it's really just a basic dummy API
with very little code.
So, I think using one file is fine,
but you can absolutely use a controllers folder
with a controller file.
The more important thing,
or the more annoying thing for me here
is that we always have these JavaScript files
next to the TypeScript files.
And the problem with that is that our actual source code
in which we as developer work is just the TypeScript code.
So therefore, we have the extra files
next to our source code
and we shouldn't work in those extra JavaScript files.
You shouldn't change that code.
You should only work in the TypeScript files.
And therefore, I wanna ensure that the compiled files
end up in a different place.
And to achieve this, we can go to the tsconfig.json file
and there, we have the outDir configuration,
which I'll now comment in here.
This allows you to set a directory
where the generated JavaScript files will be stored in.
And here, I will specify /dist as a directory.
This will create a new dist sub-folder,
and all of our compiled files will end up in that folder.
With that change made, if I now run tsc,
you see that we get this dist folder,
and in dir, we got the same folder structure
as outside of it,
but now in dir, we only got our JavaScript files.
And if I now delete the other JavaScript files
outside of the dist folder
to only have my TypeScript source code there,
if I rerun tsc, you see they're not appearing again.
They're really only in the dist folder.
So, that's great.
Now, the dist folder holds our finished Node app,
which we can run with the Node executable.
And our source code is outside of that.
Maybe you also want a separate source folder
in which you store your source code though,
to have a clear separation of input and output.
And that's something I'll do here.
For that I'll add a source, a src folder
and move my models folder, my routes folder,
and the app.ts file into that source folder here,
just like that.
I'll keep the rest of the project structure as it is.
And now in tsconfig.json, we can set up our rootDir
which specifies the root directory of input files.
And I wanna set that to /src to make it clear
that that's the folder that contains our TypeScript code.
And then the outDir is the folder
where the compiled code should end up in.
So, now if I run tsc, that still works,
and it's now taking the source code
from inside the source folder to generate the dist folder.
And if I delete dist, that folder is of course regenerated,
which proves that everything works.
Now important,
we're always executing the code into dist folder
because Node.js is not capable
of running TypeScript code like this.
We only work in the source folder though,
and then we compile it to JavaScript
to have our executable code.